everyone this is raining from be jarred
we're online gift subscription service
where you can send automatic gifts
online all of our gifts come in jars so
we like to show you fun ways to reuse
your yard today we're going to make a
strawberry milk mix a lot more fun than
just some traditional cocoa mix the jar
we're using is from our candle be
eliminated so just want to clip this out
so you have your 8 ounce mason jar we're
going to be using powdered sugar dry
creamer try milk mix and instant
strawberry mix and optional modules but
I love them so I see so I like to do
layers make it more decorative and fun
so you're going to need three fourths of
a cup of dry milk and third of your
strawberry milk mix we're going to be
using three tablespoons of powdered
sugar and three tablespoons of the
creamer but measure these dogs i like to
do half at a time to get an extra layer
in there the top of the dry milk mix
please strawberry cream tablespoon sugar
very much side like mine as a gift so I
put a little tap on it and then I put
the direction on the other side and the
directions are you want to mix all the
ingredients together he's one third of a
cup of the mixture for reports of a cup
of water there's a folder awesome hot
section for you that's it I'm way to
reuse your car